.\"Created with GNOME Manpages Editor Wizard
.\"http://sourceforge.net/projects/gmanedit2
.TH array_vpnc 1 "March 25, 2013" "Linux" "Array Networks L3VPN Tool"

.SH NAME
array_vpnc \- Array Networks L3VPN CLI Tool.

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B array_vpnc 
[-h] [-version] <argument>
.br
.B array_vpnc
-n|-hostname <VIRTUALSITE_NAME> -u|-username <VPNUSER> [-p|-passwd <VPNPASSWD>] [-o|-port <VPNPORT>]
.br
.B array_vpnc
-stop
.

.SH DESCRIPTION
Array Networks L3VPN Tools allows connecting to Array Networks vpns from the linux command line.

.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.B
-h
.RS 4
Displays this help page and exits.
.RE
.PP
.B
-version
.RS 4
Displays Array Networks L3VPN tool version and exits.
.RE
.PP
.B
-n|-hostname <VIRTUALSITE_NAME>
.RS 4
Use to specify the VIRTUALSITE_NAME or vpn hostname to connect to.
.RE
.PP
.B
-u|-username <VPNUSER>
.RS 4
Used to specify the vpn user VPNUSER to login to the vpn as.
.RE
.PP
.B
-p|-passwd <VPNPASSWD>
.RS 4
Use to specify the vpn user passwd VPNPASSWD for vpn user VPNUSER. If not supplied, you will be
prompted for VPNPASSWD when VIRTUALSITE_NAME has been successfully reached which will be read from
stdin.
.RE
.PP
.B
-o|-port <VPNPORT>
.RS 4
Used to specify the TCP port on VIRTUALSITE_NAME to connect to. If not supplied, it will default to
TCP port 443.
.RE
.PP
.B
-stop
.RS 4
Used to stop an existing vpn connection.
.RE

.SH "EXIT STATUS"
Do not count on the exit status of this tool being an indicator of a successful vpn connection as
it almost always returns 0. Instead check for the existence of the actual process.
